>> Mike North: The next thing we're
gonna do is go to application HPS.
And start slicing this
HTML up into components.
We want this to be a little
bit more manageable and
a little bit more semantic in that we
want to look at application HPS and
see higher level things, then label and
input and button and so on.
We don't want 211 lines of HTML and I'll
point out, this isn't quite diff soup.
This isn't like, this is pretty semantic,
actually had an accessibility expert
review this to make sure that this is
the kind of thing we should be writing for
an app like this.
So I've left us some comments
to give us clues around
what would be a good thing to
break out into a component.
So let's start at the top and
kind of work our way down.
>> Mike North: And I'm gonna get rid of
this for now, because we don't need it,
unfortunately, that killed our server.
Just switch it.
So at the top,
we've got something called team selector.
And this is the entire nav up at the top.
This will become the team
selector component.
So what I want us to do is to go into app,
templates,
create a new folder called components and
then create a file within that
folder called team-selector.hps.
>> Mike North: What we're gonna
do is go back to application HPS,
grab this nav here remember,
I've collapsed this thing and
we're gonna cut it and move it over and
paste, and I'm gonna save both files.
And we see that sidebar that used to
be there on the left side of our app,
that has now disappeared.
The HTML is no longer there.
What we can kind of bring it back
by referring to this component.
>> Mike North: We have TeamSelector, and
if you have the VS code extensions
installed that come with this workspace,
you'll see that autocomplete
that I just saw.
And now we have it back.
So this is one of the things
that Ember Octane gives us,
templates that are expressed
in terms of outer HTML.
The older Ember components didn't quite
behave this way, they needed sort of
a wrapping element, and we would have
had to jump through a few more hoops.
But now, we can just move things into
HPS files to break all of this up.
So let's do this with a team sidebar.
We're gonna grab that HTML, save.
The sidebar with the list of
channels has disappeared.
And in our app templates
components folder,
we're gonna create team-sidebar.hps,
paste, and
then go back to application.hps.
And replace it with this new
component that we've just built.
>> Mike North: Teamsidebar and
the channel should come back.
>> Mike North: I'm gonna do
the same thing with the header,
grab the HTML, save the file.
The header has disappeared.
Right, that was this top bit
over here with this general,
the title and description of the channel.
So we're gonna grab that and
we're gonna call this file channel header.
>> [SOUND]
>> Mike North: Replace
it with it's component [SOUND] and
it comes back.
Messages are a little bit different now.
So we've got two unique
messages in our sample HTML.
We're gonna have to pick one and
kinda throw the other away.
Once we start evolving
this a little bit more,
we'll get many different chat
messages popping up again.
But for now,
I'm just gonna pick the first one.
>> Mike North: And I'm gonna create
a component called message.hps.
This is proof that there are no
restrictions on reasonable names for
components.
We don't need a dash in a components name,
for example.
>> Mike North: Message [SOUND].
And finally,
our last component is the footer.
>> Mike North: Channel-footer.hps, paste.
>> Mike North: And [SOUND] there we go and
this is the footer down here.
It's the little area where we
type into new chat message.
Congratulations, we have
just componetized our HTML.
And you can see that, just refinements,
add a couple of messages.
But you can see that this
is much more semantic HTML.
We can look at this and see,
there's a selector to pick a theme.
There's a side bar,
there are three messages and
there's a channel header and the footer.
This was not evident from looking
at the raw HTML that we were given.
Maybe if you add, like lots of comments,
lots of metadata there,
you know developers.
>> Speaker 2: [COUGH].
>> Mike North: Leaving you hints
about what was going on.
Yes, you could have seen that.
But in this case,
just from the markup itself,
everything looks looks pretty reasonable.
I'm gonna make another commit, and
we have just completed step two.
>> Speaker 3: What does HPS mean?
>> Mike North: The question
is what does HPS mean?
And that indicates that
these are handlebars files.
This is the template
language that amber uses.
So this kind of looks like
regular HTML for now.
But we'll start to introduce things
that are obviously not treated as HTML.
And that's where we see that handlebars
is a superset of a text file, right?
In this case, a Superset Of HTML.